=head1 NAME

rehearsal - A testing framework based on interactive shell

=head1 SYNOPSIS

rehearsal ?-help? ?-log I<file>? ?-junit I<dir>? ?-command I<command>? ?-banner I<regexp>? ?-ps1 I<regexp>? ?-ps2 I<regexp>? ?-snip I<string>? ?-anchor? ?-timeout I<seconds>? ?--? I<file ...>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<rehearsal> is a light-weight testing framework based on interactive shell (or 'REPL').
You only need to copy-and-paste a session from REPL to a Markdown document and you will get an automated test suite.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 13

=item -help

Prints usage.

=item -log I<file>

A file to which dialogue is logged.

=item -junit I<dir>

Directory to which JUnit XML files are written.

=item -command I<command>

Specify the command line that initiates an interactive session, e.g. 'python' for Python interactive shell.
The default value is C<'ksh'>.

=item -banner I<regexp>

Skip 'banner' specified by this regular expression.

=item -ps1 I<regexp>

Prompt of the interactive shell in regular expression, e.g. C<'E<gt>E<gt>E<gt> '> for python (note the trailing space).
The default value is C<'\$ '>.

=item -ps2 I<regexp>

Multi-line continuation prompt in regular expression, e.g. C<'\.\.\. '> for python (note the escaping).
The default value is C<'E<gt> '>.
This value may be blank (i.e. REPL has no continuation prompt). In such a case, -ps1 value shuld be used to indicate multi-line continuation.

=item -snip I<line>

If this string appears in the source, the line is interpreted as non-greedy wildcard.
The default value is C<'...'>.

=item -anchor

Assume that the prompt is always preceded by a new-line. This option may be useful if output can contain a string which is confused with the prompt.

=item -timeout I<seconds>

Timeout value in seconds for which B<rehearsal> will wait response from the interactive shell.
The default value is 10.

=item --

Do not interpret any more arguments as options.

=back

=cut
